Add provider configs (#34)
projectsyn/component-crossplane: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

If a key in `controllerConfigs` matches a key in `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`, then the ControllerConfig's `spec.serviceAccountName` is overwritten and set equal to the matching key of `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`.

== `providerConfigs`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
"provider-name-two":

>   spec:
>   credentials:
>     source: InjectedIdentity

Reviewer: Indentation error, and the `apiVersion` is a required field.
```suggestion
  apiVersion: helm.crossplane.io/v1beta1
  spec:
    credentials:
      source: InjectedIdentity
```

If a key in `controllerConfigs` matches a key in `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`, then the ControllerConfig's `spec.serviceAccountName` is overwritten and set equal to the matching key of `parameters.crossplane.serviceAccounts`.

== `providerConfigs`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`
example::
+

> [source,yaml]
> ----
> "provider-name-two":
>   apiVersion: helm.crossplane.io/v1beta1 #mandatory field
>   spec:
>     credentials:
>       source: InjectedIdentity
> ----
> 
> This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary provider configs.
> Each entry is transformed into a ProviderConfig resource.
> The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
> The provided value is merged with an empty ProviderConfig resource.
> The component doesn't validate the provided ProviderConfig spec.
> ApiVersion field is mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
----
"provider-name-two": <1>
  apiVersion: helm.crossplane.io/v1beta1 <2>
  spec: <3>
    credentials:
      source: InjectedIdentity
----
<1> The key is used as the name of the resulting resource.
<2> Setting `apiVersion` defines in which the API group the ProviderConfig belongs to.
<3> The provided spec is merged with an empty ProviderConfig resource.

This parameter allows users to deploy arbitrary provider configs.
Each entry is transformed into a ProviderConfig resource.
The component doesn't validate the provided ProviderConfig spec.
```
